So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	neg
Good case, Excellent value.	pos
Great for the jawbone.	pos
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	neg
The mic is great.	pos
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	neg
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	neg
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	pos
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	neg
What a waste of money and time!.	neg
And the sound quality is great.	pos
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	pos
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	neg
Very good quality though	pos
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	neg
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	pos
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	neg
So Far So Good!.	pos
Works great!.	pos
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	neg
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	neg
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	pos
The commercials are the most misleading.	neg
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	pos
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	neg
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	pos
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	pos
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	neg
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	neg
Doesn't hold charge.	neg
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	neg
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	pos
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	neg
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	neg
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	pos
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	neg
It has kept up very well.	pos
Poor Talk Time Performance.	neg
The case is great and works fine with the 68neg.	pos
worthless product.	neg
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	pos
I was not impressed by this product.	neg
Nice headset priced right.	pos
I only hear garbage for audio.	neg
Excellent bluetooth headset.	pos
It has all the features I want	pos
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	neg
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	neg
This case seems well made.	pos
Disappointed with battery.	neg
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	neg
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	pos
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	pos
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	pos
I love this thing!	pos
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	pos
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	neg
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for pos5 seconds and it still works great!	pos
I have been very happy with the 5posneg and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	pos
The buttons for on and off are bad.	neg
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	neg
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	pos
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	pos
Buy a different phone - but not this.	neg
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	neg
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	neg
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	neg
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	pos
Great for iPODs too.	pos
This device is great in several situations:pos.)	pos
Mic Doesn't work.	neg
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	neg
Great choice!	pos
Nice docking station for home or work.	pos
This is a beautiful phone.	pos
Love this product.	pos
Do Not Buy for D8neg7...wrongly advertised for D8neg7.	neg
This is a great little item.	pos
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	pos
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	neg
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	pos
Not a good bargain.	neg
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	pos
The battery runs down quickly.	neg
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	neg
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	pos
This phone works great.	pos
The construction of the headsets is poor.	neg
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	pos
The phone loads super!	pos
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	neg
Made very sturdy.	pos
Worked great!.	pos
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	neg
Dont waste your money...	neg
Will order from them again!	pos
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	neg
I found this product to be waaay too big.	neg
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	pos
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	neg
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	pos
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	neg
Definitely a bargain.	pos
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	pos
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	neg
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	pos
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	neg
I love my 35neg headset.. My Jabra35neg bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	pos
The camera, although rated at an impressive pos.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	neg
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	neg
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	pos
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	pos
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	pos
Great product, fast shipping!.	pos
Absolutely great.	pos
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	pos
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	neg
It is very comfortable on the ear.	pos
It has been a winner for us.	pos
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	pos
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	pos
Could not get strong enough signal.	neg
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	pos
Bad Quality.	neg
Gets the job done.	pos
Great audio!.	pos
Basically the service was very bad.	neg
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	neg
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	pos
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	neg
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	pos
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	pos
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	pos
!I definitly recommend!!	pos
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	neg
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	neg
Very good stuff for the price.	pos
My headset works just peachy-keen.	pos
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	neg
Voice recognition is tremendous!	pos
What a waste.	neg
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	neg
I was not happy with this item.	neg
very disappointed.	neg
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	neg
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	pos
What a waste of time!	neg
Its reception is very very poor.	neg
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	neg
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	neg
I Was Hoping for More.	neg
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	neg
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 853neg Blackberry Curve!	pos
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	pos
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	neg
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	pos
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	pos
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	pos
And I just love the colors!	pos
W8posnegi is just SUPERB.	pos
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	neg
Great charger.	pos
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	neg
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	pos
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	neg
Great Value.	pos
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	neg
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	pos
doesn't last long.	neg
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	neg
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	pos
Thank you for wasting my money.	neg
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	neg
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	pos
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	pos
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	pos
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS85neg) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	pos
I put the latest OS on it (vpos.pos5g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	neg
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	neg
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	neg
Don't buy this product.	neg
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	neg
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	pos
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	neg
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than posneg minutes before being disconnected.	neg
Incredible!.	pos
Design Flaw?.	neg
Great phone!.	pos
Waste of pos3 bucks.	neg
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	neg
The replacement died in a few weeks.	neg
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	pos
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	pos
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	neg
Not impressed.	neg
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	pos
You'll love how thin it is.	pos
Bad Choice.	neg
The pleather case doesn't fit.	neg
useless phone, simply deaf.	neg
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	pos
All in all I think it was a good investment.	pos
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	neg
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	pos
Battery lasts only a few hours.	neg
great headset, very impressed - H5neg.	pos
The "pos.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	pos
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	pos
Good transmit audio.	pos
We are sending it back.	neg
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	neg
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	neg
Great price also!	pos
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	pos
fast service.	pos
I would highly recommend this.	pos
I would recommend this.	pos
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	neg
WORST PHONE EVER.	neg
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	pos
Freezes frequently4.	neg
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	neg
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	pos
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	neg
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	neg
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	pos
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	pos
I'm a bit disappointed.	neg
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	neg
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W8posnegi but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	neg
The battery is completely useless to me.	neg
What a big waste of time.	neg
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	neg
Great sound and service.	pos
Really pleased with this product so far.	pos
One of my favorite purchases ever.	pos
best bluetooth on the market.	pos
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	pos
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	pos
Do not make the same mistake as me.	neg
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	neg
the phone was unusable and was not new.	neg
Worst Customer Service Ever.	neg
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	neg
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	neg
Worth every penny.	pos
Excellent wallet type phone case.	pos
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	pos
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	neg
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	pos
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	pos
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	pos
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	pos
I love all the features and form factor.	pos
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	neg
poor quality and service.	neg
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	neg
Great Earpiece.	pos
Excellent hands free tool.	pos
Great for using with your home stereo.	pos
Good product - incredible value.	pos
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	pos
Works great.	pos
Absolutel junk.	neg
THAT one didn't work either.	neg
Battery life is real good.	pos
Returned 8 hours later.	neg
It's a great item.	pos
Don't waste your money!.	neg
Love this headset!	pos
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	neg
Worked perfectly!	pos
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	neg
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	pos
Avoid this one if you can.	neg
Reversible plug works great.	pos
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	neg
Very good phone.	pos
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	pos
Comfort for our whole family.	pos
Good product, good seller.	pos
I love this bluetooth!	pos
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	neg
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	pos
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	pos
Great phone!.	pos
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	neg
Piece of Junk.	neg
Poorly contstruct hinge.	neg
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	pos
Great Phone.	pos
Don't buy it.	neg
Excellent Phone.	pos
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	neg
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	pos
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	pos
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	pos
This one works and was priced right.	pos
Customer service was terrible.	neg
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	neg
Sending it back.	neg
Now I know that I made a wise decision.	pos
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	pos
Good price.	pos
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	pos
I received it quickly and it works great!!	pos
Has been working great.	pos
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	neg
My 5-year old Nokia 2pos6neg from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	neg
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	neg
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	pos
The instruction manual is lacking.	neg
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	pos
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	pos
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	neg
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	neg
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	pos
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	pos
I want my money back.	neg
I love this device.	pos
I am also very happy with the price.	pos
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	neg
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	neg
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	pos
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	neg
good item, low price.	pos
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	neg
The plug did not work very well.	neg
AMAZON SUCKS.	neg
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	neg
VERY comfortable.	pos
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	pos
The reception is excellent!	pos
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	pos
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	pos
pos. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	neg
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	neg
Very disappointing.	neg
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	neg
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	neg
Excellent sound quality.	pos
Was not happy.	neg
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	neg
New Battery works great in phone.	pos
Worst customer service.	neg
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	pos
Reception is terrible and full of static.	neg
Good audio quality.	pos
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	pos
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	neg
Were JERKS on the phone.	neg
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	pos
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	pos
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	neg
Excellent starter wireless headset.	neg
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	neg
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	neg
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	neg
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	neg
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	pos
Nice design and quality.	pos
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	neg
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	pos
bad fit, way too big.	neg
It definitely was not as good as my Spos.	pos
awesome device.	pos
Waste of money.	neg
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	pos
Love This Phone.	pos
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	pos
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	neg
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	pos
Battery life is also great!	pos
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	neg
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	neg
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	neg
Protects the phone on all sides.	pos
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	neg
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	pos
Soyo technology sucks.	neg
Great Hands Free Device.	pos
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	pos
Same problem as others have mentioned.	neg
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	pos
Magical Help.	pos
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	neg
Poor sound quality.	neg
The best phone in market :).	pos
It worked very well.	pos
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	pos
Exactly what I wanted.	pos
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	neg
This is a great deal.	pos
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	pos
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	pos
Better than you'd expect.	pos
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	neg
Great product and price.	pos
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	pos
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	neg
what a disappointment	neg
Very prompt service.	pos
Excellent product for the price.	pos
Very pleased with this headset.	pos
don't waste your money and time.	neg
I especially love the long battery life.	pos
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	neg
Works great.	pos
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	pos
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	neg
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	neg
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	pos
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	pos
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	neg
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	neg
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	pos
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2neg!.	pos
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	neg
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	neg
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	neg
Price is good too.	pos
Don't make the same mistake I did.	neg
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	neg
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	pos
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	neg
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	pos
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	pos
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	neg
IT'S REALLY EASY.	pos
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	pos
Fantastic earphones.	pos
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	pos
Low Quality.	neg
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	pos
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	pos
Warning - Stay away.	neg
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	neg
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	pos
I used to talk on it for pos - pos pos/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	neg
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	neg
Very Displeased.	neg
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	neg
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	neg
Restored my phone to like new performance.	pos
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-posneg series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	pos
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	pos
Does not fit.	neg
Very happy with this product.	pos
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	pos
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	neg
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	pos
Portable and it works.	pos
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	pos
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 2neg % left in the morning.	neg
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	neg
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	neg
Timely shipment and quality product.	pos
Nice solid keyboard.	pos
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	pos
Horrible phone.	neg
BT5neg battery junk!.	neg
We would recommend these to others.	pos
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	neg
Disappointed!.	neg
poor voice clarity.	neg
The battery works great!	pos
No buyers remorse on this one!.	neg
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	neg
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	neg
Looks great and is strong."	pos
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	pos
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	neg
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	neg
Great software for Motorolas.	pos
The delivery was on time.	pos
Very easy to use.	pos
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX99neg (EnV).	neg
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	neg
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	pos
I'd like to return it.	neg
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	pos
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	neg
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	pos
You won't regret it!	pos
I love this phone!.	pos
A Disappointment.	neg
Its not user friendly.	neg
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	neg
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	neg
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	neg
This PDA rocks.	pos
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	pos
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT25negv for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	pos
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	pos
Pretty piece of junk.	neg
Plug was the wrong size.	neg
Works as described.	pos
Save your money.... I've had this item for pos months now.	neg
Bad Purchase.	neg
WELL IM SATISFIED.	pos
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	pos
This battery is an excellent bargain!	pos
Defective crap.	neg
I would have given no star if I was able.	neg
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	pos
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	neg
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	neg
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	neg
great...no problems at all!.	pos
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	neg
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	pos
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	neg
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	pos
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	pos
very good product, well made.	pos
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	pos
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	pos
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	pos
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	pos
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	neg
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	neg
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	pos
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	pos
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	pos
Works great!.	pos
REALLY UGLY.	neg
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	neg
The noise shield is incrediable.	pos
No real improvement.	neg
Razr Battery - Good buy.	pos
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	pos
They refuse to refund or replace.	neg
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	neg
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	neg
Great case and price!	pos
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	neg
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	pos
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	pos
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	pos
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	neg
I am glad I purchased it.	pos
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	neg
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	neg
Don't buy this product.	neg
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	neg
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	pos
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	neg
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	neg
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	neg
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	pos
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	pos
Thank you for such great service.	pos
Its a total package.	pos
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	pos
I give Wirefly pos star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	neg
It's AGGRAVATING!	neg
Great product for the price!.	pos
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	pos
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	pos
None of it works, just don't buy it.	neg
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	neg
Please dont waste your money.	neg
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	pos
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	neg
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	neg
Disapointing Results.	neg
Cumbersome design.	neg
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	pos
Great Product.	pos
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	neg
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	neg
This fixes all the problems.	pos
Worst ever.	neg
I am very happy	pos
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	pos
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	neg
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	neg
That company is a joke.	neg
It does everything the description said it would.	pos
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	neg
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	pos
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	neg
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	neg
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	pos
Better than expected.	pos
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	neg
Battery is holding up well.	pos
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	neg
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	neg
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	neg
Sprint - terrible customer service.	neg
Linked to my phone without effort.	pos
THey are so cool!	pos
Easy to use.	pos
Better Than New.	pos
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	neg
Piece of trash.	neg
A pretty good product.	pos
This is a great phone!.	pos
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	pos
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	pos
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	neg
Those phones are working just fine now.	pos
I am more than happy with this product.	pos
Poor Construction.	neg
This is infuriating.	neg
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	pos
Sprint charges for this service.	neg
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	neg
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	pos
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	neg
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 5neg cent's up-and-coming.	pos
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5neg2neg is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	pos
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	pos
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E7pos5.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	neg
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	neg
Poor product.	neg
However I needed some better instructions.	neg
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	neg
Worked very well paired with a Treo 7negw and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	pos
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	neg
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	neg
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	pos
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	neg
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	pos
Very Dissapointing Performance.	neg
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	neg
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	neg
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	neg
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	pos
Don't bother - go to the store.	neg
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	pos
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	pos
You get what you pay for I guess.	neg
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	pos
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	pos
These are fabulous!	pos
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	neg
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	pos
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	neg
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	neg
Very wind-resistant.	pos
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	neg
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	pos
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	neg
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	neg
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	pos
Great phone.	pos
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	neg
I'm pleased.	pos
Battery is terrible.	neg
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	pos
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	neg
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	neg
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	neg
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	pos
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	neg
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	pos
Talk about USELESS customer service.	neg
It felt too light and "tinny.".	neg
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	neg
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	pos
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	pos
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	pos
Does everything it should and more.	pos
I could not recommend these more.	neg
Nice Sound.	pos
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	neg
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	pos
Setup went very smoothly.	pos
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	neg
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	neg
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	neg
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	pos
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	neg
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	neg
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	neg
Truly awful.	neg
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	pos
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	pos
And none of the tones is acceptable.	neg
camera color balance is AWFUL.	neg
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	neg
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	pos
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	neg
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	pos
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	neg
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	neg
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	neg
Works well.	pos
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	neg
Clear crisp sound.	pos
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	pos
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	neg
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	neg
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	neg
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	pos
It doesn't make you look cool.	neg
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	pos
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	pos
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	neg
You can't beat the price on these.	pos
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	pos
lightweight and works well.	pos
So just beware.	neg
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	pos
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	neg
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	pos
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	neg
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	pos
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	neg
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	neg
Poor quality.	neg
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	pos
Not worth it.	neg
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	neg
It quit working after I'd used it for about pos8 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	pos
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	neg
It was a great phone.	pos
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	neg
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	pos
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	pos
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	pos
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	neg
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	pos
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	pos
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is posneg% functional.	pos
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	pos
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	pos
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	neg
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	pos
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	neg
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	pos
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	pos
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	neg
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	pos
Krussel Always good.	pos
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	pos
The design is very good.4.	pos
I great reception all the time.	pos
I would highly recommend this product.	pos
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	neg
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 532neg.	neg
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	neg
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	neg
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	pos
stay away from this store, be careful.	neg
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	pos
Does not fit.	neg
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r45neg slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	pos
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	pos
disappointing.	neg
Blue Ant is easy to use.	pos
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	pos
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	neg
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	neg
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	pos
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	neg
The sound quality is excellent as well.	pos
Its the best headset I have used.	pos
Would not reccommend.	neg
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	pos
Just what I wanted.	pos
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	neg
wont work right or atleast for me.	neg
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	neg
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	neg
I really wanted the Plantronics 5posneg to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	neg
Great product.	pos
Crisp and Clear.	pos
AFter the first charge kept going dead after pos2 minutes.	neg
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	neg
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	neg
The reception has been generally good.	pos
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	pos
Great bluetooth!.	pos
I highly recommend this case.	pos
WORTHWHILE.	pos
This is a great deal.	pos
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	neg
I am sorry I made this purchase.	neg
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	neg
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	neg
It was horrible!.	neg
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	neg
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	neg
They work about 2 weeks then break.	neg
It is simple to use and I like it.	pos
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	pos
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	neg
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	neg
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	pos
Great Phone.	pos
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	pos
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	neg
Perfect for the PS3.	pos
Five star Plus, plus.	pos
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	pos
$5neg Down the drain.	neg
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	neg
Good , works fine.	pos
For the price this was a great deal.	pos
Great price, too!	pos
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	neg
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	pos
Does Not Work.	neg
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	neg
The reception through this headset is excellent.	pos
2 thumbs up to this seller	pos
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 2neg feet line of sight.	pos
Improper description.... I had to return it.	neg
#pos It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	pos
Battery charge-life is quite long.	pos
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	pos
Battery has no life.	neg
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	neg
Product is exactly as described.	pos
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	pos
Doesn't do the job.	neg
I would recommend it.	pos
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	pos
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.	pos
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	pos
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	pos
Awkward to use and unreliable.	neg
The shipping time was also very quick!	pos
Not as good as I had hoped.	neg
Good case!.	pos
Doesn't Work.	neg
Really good product.	pos
Unfortunately it did not work.	neg
All three broke within two months of use.	neg
dont buy it.	neg
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	neg
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	neg
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	neg
Horrible, horrible protector.	neg
I don't like this Nokia either.	neg
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	neg
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	neg
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	neg
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	neg
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	neg
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	neg
It's not what it says it is.	neg
Stay Away From the Q!.	neg
Used and dirty.	neg
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	neg
Not good enough for the price.	neg
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	neg
It looks very nice.	pos
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	pos
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	pos
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	neg
Comfortable in my hand.	pos
Just does not work.	neg
Poor Reliability.	neg
(It works!)	pos
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	neg
Terrible product, and waste of money!	neg
Last time buying from you.	neg
It was a waste of my money.	neg
So far it has worked like a charm.	pos
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	pos
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	pos
Would recommend this item.	pos
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	pos
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	pos
The item received was Counterfeit.	neg
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	pos
Works fine.	pos
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	pos
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	pos
My sister has one also and she loves it.	pos
Good Quality.	pos
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	neg
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	pos
Excellent!.	pos
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8pos25.	neg
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	pos
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	neg
Having trouble with volume.	neg
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	pos
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	neg
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	pos
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	neg
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	neg
Best headset ever!!!.	pos
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	neg
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 5posneg maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	pos
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	neg
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	pos
Excellent product for the price.	pos
Bad Reception.	neg
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	neg
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	pos
Great phone.	pos
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	neg
Everything about this product is wrong.First	neg
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	pos
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	neg
Terrible phone holder.	neg
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	pos
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	pos
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	neg
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	neg
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	pos
How stupid is that?	neg
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	pos
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	pos
Good show, Samsung.	pos
So I bought about posneg of these and saved alot of money.	pos
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	neg
Couldn't figure it out	neg
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	neg
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	neg
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	neg
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	pos
Works for me.	pos
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	neg
much better than the hard plastic cases.	pos
It also had a new problem.	neg
Happy so far!.	pos
cool phone.	pos
Works good.	pos
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	pos
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	neg
but it is great, i would really recommend it	pos
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	neg
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	neg
Never got it!!!!!	neg
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	neg
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	neg
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	neg
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	pos
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	neg
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	neg
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	pos
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a posneg!.	pos
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	pos
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	pos
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	pos
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	neg
I'm returning them.	neg
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	neg
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	pos
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	pos
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	pos
nice leather.	pos
I had to purchase a different case.	neg
It is a joy to use.	pos
Very much disappointed with this company.	neg
Very satisifed with that.	pos
It didn't charge for me.	neg
This is the phone to get for 2neg5.... I just bought my S7posnega and all I can say is WOW!	pos
Buttons are too small.	neg
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	pos
Love it.. Great armband.	pos
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	pos
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	neg
I exchanged the sony ericson z5nega for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	pos
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	pos
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	pos
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	pos
It's pretty easy.	pos
I cannot make calls at certain places.	neg
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	neg
Beautiful styling though.	pos
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	neg
I'm trying to return it for a refund.	neg
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	neg
Excellent product.	pos
Earbud piece breaks easily.	neg
Lousy product.	neg
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	neg
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	pos
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	pos
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	pos
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	pos
Not enough volume.	neg
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	neg
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	neg
don't waste your money.	neg
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	neg
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	neg
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	neg
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	neg
Phone falls out easily.	neg
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	neg
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	neg
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	neg
Painful on the ear.	neg
Lasted one day and then blew up.	neg
disappointed.	neg
Kind of flops around.	neg
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	neg
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	neg
Item Does Not Match Picture.	neg
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	neg
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	neg
